Core, Docs: Update write.metadata.metrics.max-inferred-column-defaults documentation and add benchmark (#13785)
apache/iceberg: docs/docs/configuration.md

| write.orc.bloom.filter.fpp                           | 0.05                        | False positive probability for Bloom filter (must > 0.0 and < 1.0)                                                                                                                                |
| write.location-provider.impl                         | null                        | Optional custom implementation for LocationProvider                                                                                                                                               |
| write.metadata.compression-codec                     | none                        | Metadata compression codec; none or gzip                                                                                                                                                          |

> | write.metadata.metrics.max-inferred-column-defaults  | 100                         | Defines the maximum number of columns for which metrics are collected. Top level primitive columns are counted first before nested columns                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| write.metadata.metrics.max-inferred-column-defaults  | 100                         | Defines the maximum number of columns for which metrics are collected. Columns are included breadth first: top level fields first; then elements of nested structs; then elements of structs nested within those structs and so on.                               |
```
